BUILDING BOARD REPEALED OR MAY
25TH, 2010 TEAM WILL CALL DAVID
BERNSTORFF ROBERT HART.
IF YOU HEAR KEVIN COX PAUL
BAALIM HERE FOR STAFF MIKE
REDMOND, THEY'RE LIKE THEM YOU
HEAR IN MYSELF
DEBORAH WILLIAMS, WE DO HAVE A
QUORUM.
>> THANK YOU.
SO FIRST ITEM IS ANY PUBLIC
COMMENTARY FOR GENERAL.
IS THERE ANYBODY FROM THE
PENTAGON ON THE WANT TO COMMENT
ON APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA?
CAN WE HAVE A MOTION TO APPROVE
THE AGENDA?
WOULD YOU APPROVE SECOND, IT
WAS A FAVOR I DENHA PASSES
APPROVAL MINUTES FROM THE
JANUARY 19TH, 2013 MEETING AND
COMMENT ON THOSE THINGS.
I HAVEN'T HAD A CHANCE TO LOOK
AT THEM WHEN THEY CAME IN
FOR
SAYING NO COMMENT ON THE MOTION
TO APPROVE THE MOTION TO
APPROVE THE JANUARY MEETING
MINUTES SECOND THOSE IN FAVOR I
WAS PASSED THE FIRST ITEM ON
THE AGENDA FOR THE SHOW CAUSE
HEARING IS TODAY TWENTY THREE
ZERO ZERO ONE APPEAL FOR TWENTY
ONE ELEVEN WHITE ST. ANN,
MICHIGAN OR SOMEONE HERE TO
SPEAK ON THAT VARIANCE.
COME UP AND SIGN IN AND TELL US
A LITTLE BIT ABOUT YOUR APPEAL
CITED.
I SAID TO WERE AN ABBREVIATED
KIND OF PACKET FOR SCREENING
BUT FIRST I WANT TO THANK YOU
BECAUSE THIS IS NOT A STANDARD
MEETING AND I APPRECIATE IT
FITTING THIS IN CONSIDERING THE
IMPORTANCE OF ITS THREE UNITS
THAT WERE DESIGNED AS WALK UP
YOU KNOW, NEIGHBORHOOD
TOWNHOUSES, THEY ARE DESIGNED
AS TOWNHOUSES.
THEY ARE CLINICALLY DEFINED AS
DWELLINGS.
THE WALK UP HAS A SMALL FOYER
WITH PARKING BEHIND AND A
PODIUM THREE HOUR PRECAST
TENTAGE PLAYING PODIUM THAT IT
SITS ON A
LITTLE MORE SO THAT
PODIUM AGAIN IS A 10 INCH PLANK
WITH A OVERPOWER WHICH IS THREE
PLUS HOURS ACTUALLY WITH A 12
INCH AND IT SITS ON A 12 INCH
WALL CONCRETE WALL GROUNDED
SOLID WHICH IS SHOWN PLAN.
I'M HAPPY TO PULL THESE UP OR
BOTH PRESENT THEM BUT PRETTY
SIMPLE THREE THREE UNITS BESIDE
EACH OTHER TO WALK UP THE STAIR
GOES IN THE FRONT AND WE HAVE
CLASSIFIED THIS AS MIXED USE
SEPARATED WITH ACTUALLY ONLY A
TWO HOUR HORIZONTAL ASSEMBLY
AND VERTICAL WALL WOULD BE
OBVIOUSLY PERMITTED.
IT'S A LOT EASIER TO DO A
VERTICAL SEPARATION THAN A
HORIZONTAL BUT OPEN PARKING
STRUCTURE ARE REQUIRED TO BE
ONE A AS ACCEPTED BY THE TWENTY
EIGHTEEN CODE IN TWENTY TWENTY
ONE CODE THAT ALLOW FOR
VERTICAL OFFSETS.
WE HAVE A VERTICAL OFFSET WHICH
IS WITH AMENDED BUT THE TWENTY
FIFTEEN CODE DOESN'T REALLY
IDENTIFY THAT UNDER THE MIXED
YOU SEPARATED IF WE WENT THAT
ROUTE WE WANT A CONSTRUCTION
REQUIREMENT WOULD REQUIRE ONE A
PLUS FIVE SO THE PLAN WAS TO DO
FIVE RESTRUCTURE AND HAVE A ONE
A CLINICAL PARKING STRUCTURE
BUT THE DISCUSSION PLAN REVIEW
WAS THAT IT NEEDED TO BE ONE
CONSTRUCTION SO WE DECIDED TO
GO BACK TO PODIUM AS IT
ADDRESSES TO BE ADOPTED CODE SO
ANY QUESTIONS?
THERE'S A PRETTY SIMPLE HARD TO
TELL WHAT YOU GUYS ARE LOOKING
AT BUT THERE'S A PRETTY SIMPLE
I UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU'RE SAYING
TO WHO HAD WRITTEN APPEAL.
IS THAT WHAT YOUR COMPLAINT IS
PART OF THE TWENTY EIGHTEEN
CODE ?
IS THAT CORRECT?
AND TWENTY ONE WHICH WAS WE'VE
SUMMARIZED EACH COMPARISON
EXACTLY FOR YOUR SECTION ON
THIS LAST SHEET JUST TO INCLUDE
IN THE TWENTY FIFTEEN TWENTY
EIGHTEEN AND TWENTY ONE.
I THINK THAT'S A STRONG CASE
FOR THE APPEAL OF IT'S GOING TO
BE A FUTURE COURT EDITION THAT
IT'S INTERESTING THAT SOMETIMES
YEAH YEAH YEAH.
EQUAL OR GOOD OR WHAT THE
FUTURE CODE IS GOING TO BE WHAT
THE AND I DON'T IT MAKES YOU
SEPARATE IT IS EQUALLY YOU'RE
AN HOUR BETTER ON A HORIZONTAL
THE DIFFERENCE WOULD BE WE'D
HAVE TO FIRE SUPPRESS THE
PARKING STRUCTURE WHICH WE
COULD DO THAT TO GIVES
ADDITIONAL HEIGHT AND AREA IT
GIVES YOU ADDITIONAL HEIGHT BY
DOING THE PLATFORM THERE.
THAT'S THE ADVANTAGE FOR DOING
THAT OR WE DON'T NEED IT THAT'S
WE'RE UNDER THE THIRTY FEET.
WE'RE WE'RE NOT ASKING FOR ANY
EXTENDED AREA INCREASED OUR
HEIGHT NOW THIS HAS BEEN PROVEN
ZONING THERE WAS A REAR GUARD
SETBACK.
THAT'S NOTHING TO US.
OK, THANK YOU.
STAFF REPORT ON THE PROPERTY AT
TWELVE ELEVEN WHITE STREET.
IT'S A MIXED USE BUILDING
CONSISTING OF AS TWO IN OUR TWO
OCCUPANCY THIRTY UNITS ARE
PROPOSED TO BE FIVE
CONSTRUCTION WITHIN NFPA
THIRTEEN OUR FIRE SUPPRESSION
SYSTEM IS OVER TYPE ONE A
PODIUM WITH THREE OUR SEPARATE
HE HAS TO USE THIS TYPE 1A A
CONSTRUCTION PARKING GARAGE
WITH NFPA THIRTEEN FIRE
SUPPRESSION SYSTEM.
THE PROPOSED CONSTRUCTION
INCLUDES THREE OUR VERTICAL
OFFSET AS PART OF THE
HORIZONTAL ASSEMBLY MAKING
OF THE TYPE 1A PARKING AREA THE
PETITIONER IS REQUESTING RELIEF
FROM SECTION FIVE ONE ZERO
POINT TWO OF THE TWENTY FIFTEEN
MICHIGAN BUILDING CODE NO WIDER
AREA INCREASE IS BEING
REQUESTED.
THE PETITIONER IS PRESENTING
WHAT THEY CONSIDER TO BE AN
EQUAL OR LESSER FORM
OF CONSTRUCTION STAFF HAS NO
OPPOSITION TO THIS APPLICATION
BEING APPROVED BASED ON THE
MORE RECENT CODE LANGUAGE
CONSIDERED THIS DESIGN IS
ACCEPTABLE AND ADDRESSED IN THE
TWENTY EIGHTEEN INTERNATIONAL
BUILDING CODE AND THE TWENTY
TWENTY ONE INTERNATIONAL
BUILDING CODE IT CONTAINS
MAINTAINS A THREE HOUR
CONTINUOUS SEPARATION BETWEEN
BUILDINGS.
THANK YOU.
ANY MORE QUESTIONS FOR THE
APPLICANT?
SO SORRY
AND THE WALLS ARE
BUILT I ASSUME THE DOOR IS
GOING TO BE A FIRE DOOR THREE
OUR WAY TO THE DOOR.
NO THE PODIUM IS CONTINUOUS ON
THIS WALL.
IT JOGS AROUND AROUND OUT IN
THE PODIUM CONTINUES OVER THAT.
SO IT IS A CONTINUOUS
CONTINUOUS PODIUM.
OK, NO NO DORAISWAMY
WEISSBERGER
AND MOTION BELIEVE
IT OR NOT IN THE CASE OF A
TWENTY THREE SHOW ONE RELIEF IS
GRANTED FROM SECTION FIVE TEN
POINT TWO OF THE TWENTY FIFTEEN
MICHIGAN BUILDING CODE AND THE
REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION FIVE
TEN POINT TWO OF THE TWENTY
TWENTY ONE INTERNATIONAL
BUILDING CODE SHALL APPLY THE
BUILDING BOARD OF APPEALS
GRANTS RELIEF FOR THE REASONS
THAT THE APPLICANT HAS PROPOSED
AN EQUAL OR BETTER FORM
OF CONSTRUCTION INCLUDING
SECTION FIVE TEN POINT TWO
OF THE TWENTY TWENTY ONE
INTERNATIONAL CODE AND AS NOTED
IT COMPLIES BOTH THE TWENTY
EIGHTEEN AND THE TWENTY TWENTY
ONE INTERNATIONAL BUILDING
CODES.
ANY COMMENTS ON THE MOTION?
THOSE IN FAVOR OF THE MOTION
SECONDED SALLY THOSE IN FAVOR
OF THE MOTION.
I THINK IT PASSES UNANIMOUSLY.
WHAT IS YOUR RIGHT THANK YOU
WITH NEXT DOING THIS ALL
BUSINESS AND YOUR OWN BUSINESS
FROM THE BOARD MEMBERS FROM THE
NEW BUSINESS CAN BE A MOTION TO
ADJOURN SO YOU ADJOURN AT ONE
FORTY SEVEN PM.
>> THANK YOU